You told them to do that.
It's not reinforcements, we volunteered.
Some of us were injured in an accident.
Everyone has a disability.
No one wants
The reinforcements were determined to take us in.
Every month in addition to salary and bonuses
Send us consolation money.
But we know.
This money.
It's all subsidized by private reinforcements.
If there are no reinforcements
Who cares about us?
Who cares about our death?
Our loved ones.
How to live like this
Right.
I broke an arm.
My mother is very ill.
Over the years.
They're all reinforcements helping us at the flower wall.
Ask.
Good people like this.
So sympathy for the good boss of the subordinates.
How can you collude with the enemy?
Why betray your brother?
Right?